Change default garbage collection TTL of `od_url_metrics` posts from 1 month to 3 months and add the filter to customize expiration (#1950)
WordPress/performance: plugins/optimization-detective/docs/introduction.md

Then in your template code you may continue to use `isset( $_GET['thank_you'] )` but you might as well use `get_query_var( 'thank_you' )` instead.

> When an `od_url_metrics` post has not been updated within the default value i.e., a month or the filtered value via `od_url_metric_garbage_collection_ttl` then it is garbage-collected, since it is likely the original URL has gone away.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When an `od_url_metrics` post has not been modified for three (3) months, it will then be garbage-collected since it is likely the original URL for the metrics has gone away. If you have a site that gets very little traffic and you want to increase the TTL for garbage collection, you can use the `od_url_metric_garbage_collection_ttl` filter to increase this.
```

> When an `od_url_metrics` post has not been updated within the default value i.e., a month or the filtered value via `od_url_metric_garbage_collection_ttl` then it is garbage-collected, since it is likely the original URL has gone away.

Reviewer: This filter should be added to `hooks.md` and include docs like this sample code:

```php
add_filter( 'od_url_metric_garbage_collection_ttl', function () {
	return 6 * MONTH_IN_SECONDS;
} );
```

As well as:

```php
add_filter( 'od_url_metric_garbage_collection_ttl', '__return_zero' );
```

> When an `od_url_metrics` post has not been modified for three (3) months, it will then be garbage-collected since it is likely the original URL for the metrics has gone away. If you have a site that gets very little traffic and you want to increase the TTL for garbage collection, you can use the `od_url_metric_garbage_collection_ttl` filter to increase this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When an `od_url_metrics` post has not been modified for three (3) months, it will then be garbage collected since it is likely the original URL for the metrics has gone away. If you have a site that gets very little traffic and you want to increase the TTL to prevent premature garbage collection, you can use the [`od_url_metric_garbage_collection_ttl`](https://github.com/WordPress/performance/blob/trunk/plugins/optimization-detective/docs/hooks.md#:~:text=Filter%3A%20od_url_metric_garbage_collection_ttl) filter to increase this.
```
